Mammoth Lakes

creating my first repository

My trip this past August to Mammoth Lakes was one to remember. From long meditative drives on the open road, jamming to my trip playlist, to avoiding bear attacks without warning, I learned that road trips and mother nature can stimulate you in a positive way or make life somewhat miserable. When life is crazy and the hustle and bustle of daily life overwhelms you, time with mother nature can reset your mind and body to a more peaceful and better state of mind. Mammoth lakes is located in the Inyo National Forrest, with a population of 8,234 people. By spending time here, you will transform your mind from a crowded street into a peaceful empty road. Although most people come for the winter sports it also provides an awesome summer getaway. There are loads of activities such as fishing, hiking, biking, and even visiting an earthquake fault. Let’s not forget Mammoth mountain is a volcano and could blow at any time!  If you’re an entrepreneur or have a creative mind, you can use this trip to dive deeper into all of your future plans without the disturbances from the thing we all dread, “adulting”. I learned a lot about myself from camping in the outdoors and would like to share my experience with you. There are many important rules to consider in order to enhance one’s experience in the outdoors. For example, pitching a tent without prior knowledge can result in unmanliness when trying to impress your girl. Who knew mountain wind could make your tent fly so far? By wind, I mean air from mother nature, not the other kind. More on that later.  Did you know that bears can sneak up up you without warning and without prior knowledge of how to defend yourself, an encounter could be fatal? And lastly, did you know that insects view your tent as new real estate? My experience was extra unforgettable because of the pre-work I put into making things run smoothly.
